Fix: Custom HTML block preview keeps expanding when iframe uses height:100vh (#78677)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/CHANGELOG.md

-   `Popover`: Don't close when focus moves into the `@wordpress/ui` compat overlay slot, or is restored to the popover from any portaled descendant. This unblocks nested overlays such as `@wordpress/ui` `Select`, which previously dismissed the host `Popover` on hover and on overlay dismissal ([#78407](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/78407)).
-   `RangeControl`: Remove the `icon` prop from the web types. It was added in error during the TypeScript migration and never had any effect on web; use `beforeIcon` or `afterIcon` instead. The prop remains functional in the native (mobile) implementation ([#78444](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/78444)).

> -   `SandBox`: Update regex used to match width, height in iframe to prevent infinite scroll expansion ([#78677](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/78677))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `SandBox`: Fix the viewport-unit (`vh`, `vw`, etc.) stripping so user-supplied HTML using these units in `width`/`height` no longer triggers a runaway resize loop in the preview ([#78677](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/78677)).
```

Author: Done thanks,

-   `Popover`: Don't close when focus moves into the `@wordpress/ui` compat overlay slot, or is restored to the popover from any portaled descendant. This unblocks nested overlays such as `@wordpress/ui` `Select`, which previously dismissed the host `Popover` on hover and on overlay dismissal ([#78407](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/78407)).
-   `RangeControl`: Remove the `icon` prop from the web types. It was added in error during the TypeScript migration and never had any effect on web; use `beforeIcon` or `afterIcon` instead. The prop remains functional in the native (mobile) implementation ([#78444](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/78444)).

> -   `SandBox`: Fix the viewport-unit (`vh`, `vw`, etc.) stripping so user-supplied HTML using these units in `width`/`height` no longer triggers a runaway resize loop in the preview ([#78677](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/78677))

Reviewer: Let's rebase this PR on top of latest trunk and move this entry to the Unreleased section.

Let's also add a trailing full stop

```suggestion
-   `SandBox`: Fix the viewport-unit (`vh`, `vw`, etc.) stripping so user-supplied HTML using these units in `width`/`height` no longer triggers a runaway resize loop in the preview ([#78677](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/78677)).
```

Author: Done.
